Lib1 First Android APP |
The purpose of this assignment: first taste of (Android application programming), using (Android Studio editor), using widgets
and views to produce an 交互式图形应用程序(interactive graphical application). |
Before working on this or any assignment, you will need to (set up the Android Studio IDE) on your computer. We suggest
that you do this as early as possible, because some students get stuck and need time to 设置好IDE(get the IDE set up).｜
Compared to a course like CS 106A/B/X, (the assignment specs) for this class will be much more 宽松(relaxed and vague).|
The idea is to encourage you to use your creativity to build something that sounds interesting to you, rather thatn forcing you to produce exactly
a certain app or outcome.|
Some assignments may have some constrains or fixed aspects, but even these can be somewhat flexible if you have a neat idea that falls outside the
guidelines.|
1. Your app should be set up as an Android Studio project, so it can easily be opened/run/graded by others.|
2. Your app should use at least 4 widgets/views on the screen. (Example: Three Buttons and a TextView)|
3. Your app should use at least 2 different kinds of widgets. (Example: Button, TextView, EditText...)|
4. Your app should respond to at least two different kinds of widgets. (Example: clicks on two different buttons)|
5. Your app's design should change at least some aspect of the physical appearance and styling of some widgets. For example, make
a text view have a larger or bold font, or make a button appear in a blue color.|
6. We haven't talked very much about layout yet, so your app can have essentially any layout you want, so long as the vairous
widgets are visible and can be intracted with.|
Outside the constraints on the previous page, you can do anything you want.|
If you are not feeling very inspired and want some suggestions of what to make, here are a few ideas.|
Some of the ideas below are trickier than others or use material we haven't covered yet. So you'd have to do your own digging.|
1. Random number guessing game: The computer thinks of a number from 1 to 1000. The user makes guesses and after each incorrect guess, the app hints to the
user weather the right answer is higher or lower than their guess. The game ends when the player guesses the right number.|
2. Tip calculator: User types in how much money they spent on their meal at a restaurant and chooses a percent to tip, and the
app outputs how much money to leave as the tip.|
3. Grade computer: Type in your homework and exam scores, and it estimates your grade in a class.|
4. Rock-Pager-Scissors: The human and computer players each pick an option of Rock, Paper, or Scissors. The computer's choice
is made randomly. Paper beats Rock; Scissors beat pater; and Rock beats Scissors. Keep track of the human player's score against the computer
over time.|