You and I are lucky, Sam, because we can do our jobs remotely, working from home.

There are some downsides, though, like not being out to meet up with our friends and share ideas with colleagues.

And going out for launch.

But the coronavirus pendamic has caused millions of people to lose their job, and forced thousands more out of work temporarily with no idea if their job would still be there when they return.

For those daily workers without savings to pay their rent and feed their families it has been especially stressful.

Each job loss is a potential personal tragedy.

In this program, we will be assessing the post-covid job landscape and asking whether a radical new approch is needed to prevent global mass unemployment.

We will be asking one of the world's smallest and richeast country, Denmark, might hold the answer.

And of course we be learning some new vocabulary as well.

But first it's time for our quiz question.

One man who knows a lot about jobs is Brad Smith, president of Microsoft, a company employing over 150 thousand workers.

He's made gloomy predictions about the number of people out of work, but how many people does he predict will be left unemployed this year as the result of coronavirus pendemic.

Is it, a) one quote of a billion people. b) one third of a billion people. or c) half of a billion people.

Well these numbers do really looks gloomy.

I'll say b) one third of a billion people unemployed around the world.

Ok, Sam, we will come back to that later.

Now, mass unemployment, millions of people losing their job due to the Covid pendamic, has left the world facing an enormous jobs challenge.

Elisabeth Reynolds, of the Massachusetts Institute of Techonolog, is author of the report 'Work of the Future'.

Here she is talking to BBC World Service programme, Business Daily, about the current situation.

Well, I think in a short term, it does feel like we are not yet in a place where we can talk about recovering and rebuilding completely,
we are still gonna to see ramifications, the impact and the ripple effect of all this for months to come.

We use expressions in the long term and in the short term to talk about what will happen over a long or short period of time.

In a short term, over a short period of time, Elisabeth thinks it's too early to talk about a jobs recovery.

She also warns that we haven't yet experienced the full impact or ramifications of the pandemic.

Like throwing a stone into water, these consequences create a ripple effect. A situation where one event causes a series of effects which speread and produce further effects.

According to Elizabe, the problem is that many of the government measures put int place to support jobs are not sustainable in the long term.

She says that more radical changes needed.

Of course the big questions is how.

One proposed is the Denish model.

This balances citizens' rights and duties.

Denmark provides one of the world's most generous unemployment payouts but in return citizens are expected to commit to any job or training the goverment thinks would be beneficial.

Jacob Kirkegaard, senior fellow at the Peterson Institute in Washington, is himself a Dane.

Here he explains to BBC Business Daily how the model works.

It's very easy to hire and fire people in Denmark. It doesn't cost you anything.

